Update documentation with sensor reference (#45455)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/israel_rail.markdown

The public timetables are coming from [Israel rail](https://www.rail.co.il).

## Sensors

For each configured connection, the integration creates a set of sensors for the next three upcoming departures. The first departure sensors have no `+N` suffix. The second and third are labeled with `+1` and `+2`.

> | Sensor | Description |

Reviewer: We [prefer lists over tables](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide#tables), see [example](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L105).

The public timetables are coming from [Israel rail](https://www.rail.co.il).

## Sensors

For each configured connection, the integration creates a set of sensors for the next three upcoming departures. The first departure sensors have no `+N` suffix. The second and third are labeled with `+1` and `+2`.

- **Departure / Departure +1 / Departure +2**
  - **Description**: Scheduled departure time from the start station.
- **Platform / Platform +1 / Platform +2**
  - **Description**: Platform the train departs from at the start station.
- **Train number / Train number +1 / Train number +2**
  - **Description**: Identifier of the train operating the connection.
- **Trains / Trains +1 / Trains +2**
  - **Description**: Number of trains involved in the connection (1 for a direct connection, more when a transfer is required).
- **Departure delay / Departure delay +1 / Departure delay +2**

>   - **Description**: Delay of the departure in minutes, as reported by the upstream API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Description**: Delay of the departure in minutes, based on real-time data from Israel Rail.
```
For the upstream API, do I need to interact with it as an end user? To me, that sounds more like developer documentation.

> If the upstream API returns a route whose departure time has already passed, that route is skipped so the sensors only ever show upcoming departures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a departure time has already passed, that route is skipped. The sensors only ever show upcoming departures.
```
